---
layout: post
title: "rtk reach m2 receiver documentation"
name: "rtk-reachm2"
tags: [jdlab]
tagName: jdlab
permalink: 2022-04-06-rtk-reachm2.html
sidebar: other_sidebar
folder: blog
collection: wiki
categories: jdlab
keywords: "rtk reach receiver wifi 5g lte jdlab"
summary: "Wed, Apr 06, 22, rtk reach receiver wifi 5g lte"
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
toc: true
public: true
parent: [[Wiki-Setting-Category]] 
date: 2022-04-06T14:34:39 +0900
updated: 2022-04-06 14:34
---
* TOC
{:toc}

{{site.data.alerts.callout_warning}}This is a draft, the content is not complete and of poor quality!{{site.data.alerts.end}}

## First Setup

Intro
In this tutorial, we will walk you through the following steps:

- Install the ReachView 3 App
- Connect and place the GNSS antenna
- Power Reach
- Connect to Reach
- Perform firmware update
To do that, you will need Reach itself, an external GNSS antenna, a Wi-Fi network with Internet access and a smartphone.

- install ReachView 3
To manage Reach, we recommend using ReachView 3. Get it from the App Store or Google Play before updating.

{{site.data.alerts.callout_danger}}
There should be no obstacles near the antenna that could block the sky view higher than 30 degrees above the horizon. Do not test the device indoors or near buildings. Do not cover the skyview for the antennas with laptops, cars or yourself. RTK requires good satellite visibility and reception.
{{site.data.alerts.end}}

{{site.data.alerts.callout_info}}
To learn how to properly place the antenna, check the Antenna placement guide.
{{site.data.alerts.end}}

### Power up Reach
To power up your Reach, follow the steps below:

Take Micro-USB <--> USB cable that comes with the package.
Plug Micro-USB end of the cable into Micro-USB port on Reach and plug another end into 5V power source such as USB power bank, USB wall adapter or USB port of a computer.


{{site.data.alerts.callout_danger}}
Do not plug two power supplies at the same time as it may damage the device.
{{site.data.alerts.end}}
{% include taglogic.html %}

{% include links.html %}

{% include commento.html %}

{{site.data.alerts.hr_shaded}}
