---
layout: post
title: "Udemy qt5 course by Packt Publishing"
name: "udemy-qt5"
tags: [gcs, drone]
tagName: gcs
permalink: 2021-10-26-udemy-qt5.html
sidebar: other_sidebar
folder: blog
collection: wiki
categories: drone
keywords: "qt5 udemy course drone gcs model view architecture"
summary: "Tue, Oct 26, 21, Dive into custom model-views, showcasing the power and flexibility of the mvodel view architecture, with extensive www applications"
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
toc: true
public: true
parent: [[Wiki-Setting-Category]] 
date: 2021-10-26T17:14:04 +0900
updated: 2021-10-26 17:14
---
* TOC
{:toc}

{{site.data.alerts.callout_warning}}This is a draft, the content is not complete and of poor quality!{{site.data.alerts.end}}


## Udemy QT5

[udemy-course](https://www.udemy.com/course/mastering-qt-5-gui-programming/learn/lecture/10841590#overview)

**Ref:**
### instruction pdfs

[qt5_python](https://github.com/{{site.github_editme_path}}pdf/qt5_python/qt5_python.pdf)

[qt5_c++](https://github.com/{{site.github_editme_path}}pdf/qt5_c++/qt5_cplus.pdf)

## About this course
> Building and distributing applications for andiroid, windows, Linux, and web!

{{site.data.alerts.note}}
Qt is a powerful, cross-platform, graphics development framework. It provides a large set of consistent, standardized libraries and works on many major platforms, including embedded, mobile, desktop, and the web.
{{site.data.alerts.end}}
- In this course, we will cover advanced Qt topics. This includes an in-depth dive into custom model-views, showcasing the power and flexibility of the model-view architecture.
We will also work with Qt’s web offerings, learning how to extend applications by using the World Wide Web. 

- This course also looks into multimedia capture/manipulation (both sound and video), which play key roles in the mobile arena. Continuing the mobile trend, you will be walked through Qt's mobile offerings, including QtQuick, QML, and communicating between C++ and QML. With the advanced concepts of mobile covered, you will explore animations, graphical effects, and 3-dimensional manipulation. 

- Towards the end of this course, you will be able to harness advanced models, 3D, the web, and multimedia to build user interfaces, starting from development all the way to cross-platform distribution.


### Goal

> What you'll learn:

    - Create advanced, custom model views and web views
    - Show web contents in your GUI applications
    - Extend your applications by incorporating the World Wide Web
    - Communicate between Qt and Qt Quick, and advanced Qt Quick widgets and visual effects
    - Play and capture multimedia and create 3D content in Qt
    - Package Qt applications across different platforms and make the developer's life much easier

### my personal goal

> Get used to terms and industry lingos.

{% include taglogic.html %}

{% include links.html %}

{% include commento.html %}

{{site.data.alerts.hr_shaded}}
